---
layout: post
title: '7/18/17 Meeting Minutes'
date: '2017-07-18 22:50:04'
tags:
- minutes
---


##DSARC Meeting Minutes 2017-07-18

---

###Called to order at 19:03 PDT

Present: Nick Hewes AF7ZJ, Bill Ward K9GRZ, Tom Luther KG7DKN, Clinton Wiersch KG7IDT,Heather Cole KG7BUB, Austin Cole KF7SIW

---

####Field Day Debrief:  
We set up at Spring Valley near Troy, Idaho. Had a trailer and a tent. Had about a dozen bystanders come by. The G5RV was set at an angle but it worked, especially Sunday morning. Also, ran QRP on digital with verticals.  Overall not a lot contacts. 

* Set up for next year: 
    * Set up G5RV sooner.
    * Get trailer modifications finished. 
    * Go through trailer the weekend before.
    * Add a bench for seating and storage. 
    * Make check lists for Field Day/trailer inventory. 
    
* Additions for 2017: 
    * New signs for DSARC events. 
    * We have a webserver on Raspberry Pi 3.
        * Content: Ham radio related software, manuals, copies of ham related websites.
        * Auto updates content. 
        * New documents and software can be uploaded on the fly. 
        * Library of digital modes with images and sounds for reference. 
        * The Raspberry Pi is also a time server (via GPS reference) for time sensitive applications like Field Day logging.
        * Goal is to provide an image of the server for anyone to download and use hosted on the [DSARC Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/dsarc)

####Discussion topic: Hams at the park:  
One day a month pick a park, bring food and drinks. Only minimal advertising. 

* Setup:
    * Could set up digital radios side by side for amateur radio email demo and practice.
    * Rotate locations. Pullman, Troy, Palouse, etc. 
    * Bring out Latah Aux Comm trailer. 

####Other ideas/events mentioned:  

* Collaborate with other ham clubs to have a booth at events in smaller towns. Suggested by Don in Orifino and Tom Luther 
* People in towns affected by the fires two years ago were frustrated with the lack of communication generating interest in ham radio. Towns like Kamiah, Kooski, etc.
* We have a standing invitation from the Hells Gate club to join them for meetings.
* Have an event for the solar eclipse on August 21st. Hams at the park for the eclipse? 
* August 5th or 6th digital radio practice/training/demo hosted by Latah Aux Comm. more details will be provided.
* Reminder from Bill for September 10th event Moscow Mtn Madness needs volunteers. 8-12 people preferred though only one at each station needs to be licensed. Two people per aid station and there are five stations.
* Vanity email available to club members/participants. Forward only address of the format Callsign@dsarc.us. Must attend two meetings per quarter to qualify.
* Latah County Aux Comm Update: 
    * Still waiting for the five couties to sign the MOU. 
    * Will open member applications soon. A back ground check and ICS certs required. Latah County SAR requirements are similar and will likely be enough to qualify.
* Starting in August we are attempting a digital net.

####Technician Class:  
* 6-12 people signed up.
* Tentatively end of August - beginning of Sept.
    * Location TBD on quantity of attendees:  more than six, we got to the Latah County courthouse, six or less DSARC meeting area. 
* Some interest from PCSAR. 
* Checkout gear available to DSACR memebrs: KPC3 VHF 1200 baud TNC and older model Rigblaster sound card.
* DSARC website will be keep it more up to date!

###Meeting Adjourned at 20:01 PDT

